docs: add Neon Auth integration guide (#49022)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-authentication.mdx

  Icon={BookOpen02Icon}
/>

<BoxLink
  title="Using Neon Auth"

>   description="Add Neon Auth authentication with users stored in your Neon Postgres database."

Reviewer: ✏️ **style** `links-and-headings.md#titles-and-headings`

"Neon Auth authentication" repeats itself, and this is the only card on the page that does not end by naming the reader's Expo project. Match the sibling cards.

```suggestion
  description="Add Neon Auth to your Expo and React Native projects, with users synced to your Neon Postgres database."
```

<!-- docs-review -->
